Pardon me?
Uncle Qin put the collected evidence in the secret room of the Chu family
That's right, did you find it?
I originally thought that the thing left by my second uncle was a book that recorded the past of the Chu family
I wanted to use the past to bring down the Sun family
I think it's useless now
Maybe it's fate, but we've almost searched the back room
Other than this, I didn't find anything else suspicious
Could it be that you missed something? Impossible
We checked carefully
Big brother jumpsuit
Men misunderstand
It's all nonsense from the end of Qin
How could someone as honest as me do such a perverted thing?
If the clue left by the uncle is not this book
What is that?
Is it that one?
Now what?
Are we going to go back and look for it again?
No, I suspect all the clues in the secret room have been taken
How is it possible to take it away?
I found this book moved next to it in the secret room
Although I don't know who it is, it is obviously before our Jiezi
Doesn't that mean the clues are all gone?
I've got a plan.
How?
Go through the previous investigation of the second uncle again
For example, who has he met these days?
Where have you been?
If he can find evidence to turn to the Sun family
There's no reason we can't find a good way
Just do it.